Ros1 development (#11)
husarion/zed-docker: README.md

# zed-docker

> The repository contains a GitHub Actions workflow for auto-deployment of built Docker image to https://hub.docker.com/r/husarion/zed_desktop & https://hub.docker.com/r/husarion/zed_jetson repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The repository contains a GitHub Actions workflow for auto-deployment of built Docker images to [husarion/zed_desktop](https://hub.docker.com/r/husarion/zed-desktop) and [husarion/zed_jetson](https://hub.docker.com/r/husarion/zed-jetson) Docker Hub repositories.
```

## Docker image usage

Available repos: 
- **`zed-desktop:noetic`** for desktop platform with CUDA (tested on platform with 11.7).

> - **`zed-jetson:noetic`** for Jetson platform currently support - **Jetson Xavier, Orin AGX/NX/Nano, CUDA 11.4** (tested on Xavier AGX).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`zed-jetson:noetic`** for Jetson platform currently supported - **Jetson Xavier, Orin AGX/NX/Nano, CUDA 11.4** (tested on Xavier AGX).
```

- **`zed-jetson:melodic`** for Jetson platform currently not supported - **Jetson Nano, TX2/TX2 NX, CUDA 10.2** (tested on Nano).

## Development

### Get image
**a) Building a Docker image**

```bash
docker build -t <image_name> -f <select_dockerfile> .
```
**b) Pulling the Docker image**

```bash
docker pull <image_name>
```

### Running a Docker image

**Running on desktop**

```bash
docker run --runtime nvidia -it --privileged --ipc=host --pid=host -e DISPLAY \
  -v /dev/shm:/dev/shm -v /tmp/.X11-unix/:/tmp/.X11-unix \
  -v /tmp/zed_ai/:/usr/local/zed/resources/ \
  <image_name> \
  roslaunch zed_wrapper <camera_model>.launch
```

> ## Docker Compose

Reviewer: Personally I would put that before development section. Also, consider renaming it to something like `Running demo` or `Running demo with Docker compose`
